Hello and welcome back as you can see I've just improved a little bit.
The general framework by highlighting more general steps here I added that indeed we're starting to
loop over all the books and one book equals five month.
But I wrote that in minimal letters because that's specific to our case theory.
However this belongs indeed to the general AI framework and then inside this group we have a second
for loop that loops over all the time steps in one book.
And of course in our specific case study one time step equals one minute.
All right and then what do we do.
We played the next action by expiration and we made sure this would happen 30 percent of the time.
And then as 70 percent of the time.
Well we're going to play the next action by inference meaning that the action will be the result of
our brains prediction.
And besides by doing this the exploration versus exploitation.
Well we made sure to get the direction and the energy spent by the AI onto the server and we did this
so that we can have all the elements required to call the update on function because indeed the arguments
of the update function are first to direction which we got then the energy spent by the AI which we
got as well and the month we are in at that specific time step of the training when we are about to
update the environment and that we've got as well because indeed we initialized it right here with the
new month.
And then by updating the environment well then your month will be updated if the next time step takes
us to the next month.
OK.
So basically we are 100 percent ready to update the environment and reach the next set.
So let's do this and we will actually do this in a flashlight because as you understood what we only
need to do to update our environment is to call this a date method.
So I computed and I even got the arguments because we will need them and replace them by their values.
So now I'm going to paste it.
But then there's a date of method.
Remember that it returns actually some elements.
Let's remind what they are as we can see it returns the next date the reward and game over.
So now what I'm going to do is get all of them and I'm going to make sure to remove the self because
that's only for the definition of the class.
So let me go back to the training.
Now I'm going to paste this and add an equal.
And that's how we make sure that we call correctly the update on function.
And now of course as I said we're going to remove the self.
This one for the reward.
This one for Game over.
And of course this one here and now we are going to update the right values of the arguments.
So let's start with the first one direction.
Is it the right name for this argument.
Well yes of course because that's how we introduced the variable for that direction.
We called it by the same thing.
Then the energy spent by the AI is that the right name.
Yes.
Again it is.
Because that's what we introduce here for that exact same variable being the energy spent by the AI
onto the answer.
And then finally the month that's where we have to change something because indeed we did not introduce
any month of very well here.
And what we have to import here for this month argument is exactly the month we are in right now when
updating the environment.
However this is not that direct or you know quick and easy.
It's not going to be the new month.
It's actually going to be the integer division of the timestep divided by this 30 times 24 times 60.
Why is that.
That's because the timestep will be you know over the iterations the total number of minutes we have
reached in this five month period.
And therefore imagine we've already passed two month.
Well the number of minutes that is the timestep here will be the number of minutes of these past two
months.
And therefore what we need to do is divide this total number of minutes over the month divided by the
total number of minutes in one month right because 30 days times 24 hours time 60 Minutes is the total
number of minutes in one month.
And therefore by doing the integer division of the timestep divided by this well we will get exactly
the index of the month we are in.
All right so that was a little difficult to hear for this argument there was not that direct.
So lets do this.
We're going to replace Now this month argument here which is only the name of the argument we gave in
the update method.
But as we said now we have to take that integer division of the timestep divided by nuper and this is
because I'm going to add a big multiplication to divided by 30 the number of days in one month times
24.
The number of hours in one day times 60 the number of minutes in one hour and that will give us exactly
the index of the month we are in right now when updating our environment.
And then one final thing we must not forget.
And actually we can think biathlon to remind us this is undefined.
Name a date.
Can you guess the last thing we need to do here.
It must be a reflex.
That's also the danger when doing copy paste but thanks to the warnings we won't forget the last thing
missing here is of course to specify that this update of method is a method of our environment object
which we created here you know.
And here is an object of the and Varman class we defined in this environment pattern file.
So that's the only thing missing in this line of code.
So I'm just going to add this.
And now the warning should disappear.
Perfect.
All right.
Now let's just not forget to update the total word because indeed we just got the reward and therefore
we can update the total we word which we initialized here as 0 of course at the beginning.
No word has been received and so I'm going to update it by simply incrementing it by the reward.
I'll write that we just got here.
Thanks to our date of method of our environment object.
All right perfect.
And so now that we have reached the next date and that we also received the reward and also the game
over very well.
Well that means we just got a new transition and therefore now we have to store it in to the memory
because our D-1 model is implemented with experience replay.
And remember in our human class.
Well we have this method remember that builds the memory defines an experience replay and so right now
what we're exactly about to do is of course remember this new transition that we just got by reaching
that next date and receiving that reward.
And to do this we are going to add this to the memory.
So now what we're going to do is get are you an object.
And from this did you an object we're going to get the remember method.
Which takes.
Well let's see.
Let's see the arguments and let's copy paste them again.
Here they are.
It takes the transition and game over.
However you will see that we will have to replace all the the transition.
All right.
That's the two arguments of the remember method.
Game over is fine.
We can leave it this way because that's exactly the name of the Vargo we gave to it.
However the transition is only the name of the argument of the remember method.
So we have to clearly specify what is this transition.
But that's easy.
The transition is simply the trouble of the following elements.
First Karen State.
Second the action played third three were received and fourth that next date reached and so that's exactly
what we have to specify right here in this table of these four elements.
And so let's do some copy paste.
I'm going to get the current state first which is the first element of the transition.
Then it's going to be the action.
Then the reward.
And finally of course that next date.
We just reached by updating our environment.
Here we go.
Now we have the full transition.
Not only we have the new transition but also we have everything we need to call correctly the remember
method from our dequeue an object.
And so this reminder method will store this new transition into the memory after which of course will
be able to gather in two separate batches the inputs and the toilet.
As it is the next step in the queue in process right the next step here is of course to call that batch
method so copy pasting it again together into seperate batches.
The inputs and the toilet and beginning of the inputs and the toilet.
Well let's not forget that these are exactly what are returned by this get batch method.
Therefore I'm going to copy and paste this as well and going back to my training.
Well that get batch method is going to give us these 2 batches of inputs and targets so that then we'll
be able to compute the last over these two whole batches of inputs and targets.
All right and now is nothing of course to remove the self here and then make sure that not only we call
this get batch method from or U.N. object right.
The warning will disappear again.
Here we go.
And then let's make sure we have the right arguments here first.
That's the model compiled of the brain.
Which is exactly what we gave as the name of our variable here.
Moral equals the moral object of the moral class defined by keras extracted from our brain.
So that's all good for the morrow and then for the batch size.
Well 10 was just the default value here and we're going to replace that default value by the parameter
we defined in the first place and that's why here we only need to replace the 10 by the batch size and
perfect we gathered correctly in two separate batches.
The input and the target.
Congratulations.
Now we are ready to move on to the last step which is to compute the last over the two whole batches
of inputs and targets.
However this is an important step and you're going to learn super useful trick of carious which is a
function that I highly recommend to use every time it's the train on batch method pre-built in my Cara's
and it's an amazing function to train actually on botches you know to do some mini batch gradient descent
if you look at the book and if you look at the artificial neural networks and next section at the end
of the book you will see that I explain the different versions of gradient descent among which they
are Bachche great in the sense the caster gradient descent and many background and descent and you will
understand that the most powerful version of them is many batch gradient descent because indeed it combines
stochastic gradient descent to Bache great gradient descent and that's exactly what this awesome train
on Bachche function will do to reduce the loss.
So we'll take care of this in the next tutorial because we need to be prepared for this.
And until then enjoy AI.